Max, absolute pleasure to see you again.
It's been been too long and um before
before I ask you the first question, um
actually you said something before we
started going online. I'm like we got to
go live immediately because a very
it's very accurate statement. C can you
say it again and maybe expand on it what
you mean by it? I I really like that
statement. Well, I was asking you uh how
many live streams a day you were doing
because you're interviewing like eight
people a day, 10 people a day. And you
know, I said, you know, you're not going
to get out of this because we're in a
sort of cycle of warfare
in which
uh there will be periods of escalation
and deescalation until one side just
completely capitulates.
Uh it's sort of an it's it's sort of
like a fight to the finish.
It's an existential war and we just hear
about these operations, various
operations
which are named usually by Israel or the
US. We had the first joint US-Israeli
operation which I call operation Epstein
fury. Others call it epic fury. It was a
complete failure. Even Wikipedia, which
is sort of a NATO narrative management
machine, which um has
I mean, if you look at the Greyzone page
or my page, it's just a collection of
distortions of halftruths and smears and
lies. It obviously exists to manage the
narrative for one um power faction. It
has declared that the 2026 Iran war was
a victory for Iran and a strategic
defeat for the USIsraeli
coalition. But when I say one side has
to capitulate here, I think in many ways
the US has capitulated. The US has its
own interests which are independent from
Israel's. And so really this is a fight
between Israel or I should say Zionism,
the ideology underpinning the so-called
self-proclaimed Jewish state which is
this borderless anacronistic entity
armed to the teeth between that and the
resistance any element that resists it
in the region. Um and and and and so
that that's where we are and the US
wants to step away. This isn't just
Trump or JD Vance. It's essentially the
the US establishment
um parts of the US establishment that
are not ideologically wedded to Zionism
for personal identitarian reasons wants
to step away because they ran up against
the hard rocks of reality. We can talk
about that. I think if you listen to the
words that JD Vance is using where he's
actually saying something in public that
US presidents have previously said in
private, for example, Bill Clinton
storming out of a meeting with Benjamin
Netanyahu during the late 1990s
declaring, "Who's the [__] superpower
here?" JD Vance is saying this publicly
and he keeps using the word reality and
that's the operative word in this
conversation about theou and where the
US-Israeli relationship is now
historically reality reality is normal
international relations reality is con
cons concern for the state of the global
economy reality is domestic political
considerations
for Donald Trump and Republican
um congressional candidates running in
swing districts in the midterms. Reality
is American workingass consumers trying
to get to work or driving Uber. Reality
is something that millions of people in
from Asia to Africa have been
experiencing as the straight of Hormuz
has been closed and they're getting
ready for bread riots.
Reality is something that most people
99% of the people in the world maybe
99.78%
of people in the world have a sort of
shared vision about
there's like a baseline reality that
they experience and nations experience
are are are experiencing this reality
through the framework of international
relations whether you interpret it
as uh you know re uh real politic or or
the realist perspective on IR that John
Mirshimer puts forward where
international relations is determined by
um clashes and conflicts and
relationships between great powers,
powerful states or you interpret it
through the um you know the liberal
Brussels uh transatlanticist perspective
on international relations where a
superpower enforces a rules-based order
in order to uh guarantee the growth of
liberal democracy in their vision. What
no matter how you interpret it, there is
a general shared reality that has these
that that that has to represent basic
concerns for the global majority or
things just descend into complete chaos.
And then there's a group that exists
outside that reality and they are called
Zionists. And that small group enjoys an
outside influence in the United States
and throughout the West and has been
able to impose their influence and in
doing so impose a Zionist logic on
American leadership to the point where
they actually compelled Donald Trump to
wage a war on Iran, supposedly a joint
war with Israel on February 28th,
launching Operation Epic Fury, as they
called it what I call Epstein fury. And
it completely failed because Zionist
logic ran up against the hard rocks of
reality, the reality of international
relations and just e basic global
economics.
And that failure has now pried the a
large part of the United States
establishment away or is prying it away
from the grip of the Zionist movement
and their institutional Israel lobbying
organizations.
And that's why we're seeing JD Vance
making these statements. So now Israel
is in an existential
fight to continue to impose Zionist
logic against re the reality that almost
everyone in the world exists in by
dragging the United States back into
this war. Because as JD Vance correctly
said, Israel basically and Donald Trump
said, Israel cannot exist. This
anacronistic colonial state cannot exist
without United States power backing it
to the hilt.
And Iran has proven that it's able to
defend itself against the most powerful
military force ever assembled in history
and against the most powerful military
force in the region. So what can be
done? What what can Israel do? What can
they do? That's what we're going to see.
And it's going to, I think, accelerate
this downward spiral
of Zionism and continue to widen the
gulf between not just the US public, but
elements of the US establishment
and Zionism.
>> Man, you haven't been on the show for a
few weeks, but uh what a comeback. Um,
as you spoke, I came up with a lot of
questions and then you answered a lot of
them. For example, I wanted to ask what
you meant by existential because you
said we're going to see an existential
escalation, deescalation. I think you
clarified it's existential to Israeli
foreign policy to Zionism. Is that what
you meant?
>> Yes. Okay. Um, and based on the way
you've explained what's happening right
now, I think it's very important to get
your opinion on this because you've been
covering it for so long.
You think the shift we are seeing by
Trump and JD Vance, the statements
they're making, Trump justifying Iran's
ballistic missile program, JD Vance
saying the quiet part out loud, what
what Bill Clinton said about Israel, um
Trump I think saying Israel wouldn't
exist without the US. Mike Huckabe said
the US wouldn't exist without Israel.
That's the US ambassador said that. But
all these statements, you think this is
a fundamental shift or Trump and JD
Vance and his administration actually
breaking away from Israel? Cuz my last
guest was telling me, Mario, be careful.
The rhetoric could be as far as they go,
but actions are what matters. And he was
a bit skeptical we'll see any change in
action.
Yeah, I don't I don't know if I I I I
would be skeptical about this being a
fundamental material shift in US policy.
Right now, all we have is rhetoric, but
the rhetoric signals something about
where the political culture of the
United States is. The polling shows that
not only do over 90% of Democratic
voters under the age of I think 45
uh oppose sending weapons and large
amounts of aid to Israel, but that most
Republicans under the age of 35 favor
that same policy. And there's a new
poll, I I don't know if it was a Pew
poll, it was reported by the Jewish
Daily Forward. It shows that, and this
is a Jewish Daily Forward headline, you
can even pull it up. Close to 50% of
American Jews under the age of 35 are
functionally anti-Zionist. What does
that mean? That close to 50% or maybe
more than 50%, it was like right around
the 50% mark of American Jews under the
age of 35 declared their support for a
single state in Israel, Palestine. a one
state where everyone enjoys equal rights
um under the law, a state sort of like
uh the United States under the
constitution
rather than a ethnosremacist state which
is what Israel represents and which
which uh informs the Zionist ideology.
uh a plurality support a like a fairly
large number support a two-state
solution and only a minority support
[snorts] the solution that um Ben
Shapiro put forward when he was a young
uh sort of neocon child actor writing
for town hall which was like I think
connected to the heritage foundation
when he called for the ethnic full
ethnic cleansing of the Palestinian
population. So, I mean the you m you uh
might want to start shifting your
rhetoric if you're someone like JD Vance
and you might want to run for president
in 2028. Donald Trump and Marco Rubio
have been too cowardly to make the case
for theou in public. I think they
understand that they may actually be
planning to sabotage it. They have been
subjects of Israeli influence in a much
more substantial way than JD Vance has.
Although Vance has capitulated again and
again. I don't know what it's like to be
vice president. So Vance has to go out
there and be the salesman of thisou. And
you know I think this is the best moment
that JD Vance has had during a fairly
mediocre lackluster vice presidency. Uh
this is like his comeback tour. The the
young the youth like this. Uh, and Marco
Rubio suddenly looks diminished after JD
Vance, remember he was sent out to
Islamabad for the humiliation of uh,
Israel calling him and telling him, "No,
you're not allowed to make a deal." Now
he's kind of flexing. Um, and this is
just the reality of politics in the
United States. I mean, we've seen too
many images of murdered children. People
are starting to understand what uh,
Zionist logic really means in practice.
And it's something that just doesn't um
it can't be accepted by humanity. So the
rhetoric has a it's it's guide I mean it
it the one of the finest political
analysts today Sean Strickland of the
UFC said it correctly. This rhetoric is
tailored for the midterms by Trump. But
that's some says something positive
about our culture. And then you can kind
of get the sense from the Israel
firsters in who were in Trump's
coalition who are basically astroturfed
figures. They're either like these
influencers who are getting 7,000 a post
or a few hundred a post from Bridges
Partners, which is an Israeli foreign
ministry uh front group that pays
influencers. Or they're, you know,
people like the three marks uh Mark
Levvin, Mark Tissson, and Mark Dubitz
who are the three key Israel first
figures pushing Trump to war with Iran.
And they sent Trump into a complete
imbogglio. One of the worst military
defeats, maybe the worst military defeat
the United States has suffered.
I I say period. Maybe since like
the the Civil War, which was just a
defeat for the South and a sort of
spiritual defeat for the American public
because so many Americans killed each
other. I left out Vietnam because the
economic damage of Vietnam was
contained.
uh this is a defeat for US empire that
the US will never recover from and will
obliterate or will ultimately lead to
the erosion of the power of the pro
dollar. Uh the straight of Hormuz is
still not open. The three marks helped
lead Donald Trump into this and now they
stand exposed
and the sort of MAGA influencers who are
exist out of their loyalty to Trump and
are just there to put forward whatever
message Donald Trump wants them to put
forward. There's actually a gap between
the Israel firsters and the sort of MAGA
loyalist paid influencers right now. You
can see it with Mark Leavvin attacking
Trump and attacking everyone. and he's
even attacking Israeli opposition
figures like a a Jewish American is
being more Israeli than uh Ya Laid. They
look crazy. Um and what they say doesn't
make sense to the American public. Like
you're going to see reflected in these
comments that the commenters are going
to say that what I'm saying makes a lot
more sense than what Mark Dubitz was
saying uh last week. I watched that uh
interview you you you had with him and
he he seemed like he was in full panic
mode. uh and nothing was adding up
because his entire vision of what was
going to happen in Iran and everything
that he and the foundation for the
destruction of democracies, his Israeli
cutout think tank in Washington gave to
Trump, the blueprint they put forward
for this war, it completely failed
because it represented Zionist logic.
So, you know, why does why does one uh
you know, Jewish commentator make more
sense than the other Jewish commentator?
I'm not a Zionist. That's why the
commenters are going to be saying, "This
actually uh reflects the reality that I
live in more than this other guy who's
just trying to spin to get Trump back
into the war." And here's another here's
another problem that Zionists face right
now. People just don't want to see more
killing. They don't want to see another
Minab school strike. 168 people killed,
teachers, 100 over 130 school girls on
the first day of the war. Zionists had
no problem with that. And Pete Haggath
had no problem with that. That was
horrifying to everyone. And you know,
they killed female volleyball players in
Lamar, Iran on that same day, testing a
new missile for Lheed Martin. Uh what's
happening right now in Lebanon? Four
Israeli soldiers were killed yesterday.
Uh and how did Israel retaliate? Over
150 air strikes, killing 48 people and
wounding 96 according to Lebanese
Ministry of Health statistics right now.
That's how they respond.
People can't take this anymore. But
Zionists want more of it. They're
pushing Trump for more of it and they're
in full panic mode that they won't have
this. It's like they're addicted to
killing. It's like they see force and
and um bombing apartment buildings as a
goal in itself. Even Trump has said
Netanyahu would get on the phone with me
every day and tell me which apartment
buildings to bring down. And I found
this a little bit strange. So they stand
exposed right now where and and the
United States public
is responding positively to the rhetoric
of JD Vance. And just one other point, I
think if this warden succeeded,
uh obviously we wouldn't be hearing this
rhetoric from from Vance. Vance would be
completely diminished because he was
considered one of the restrainers and
Marco Rubio would be out there
celebrating Israel. he'd be joining in
with this, you know, festival of Israeli
hegemony and demanding more killing.
Let's, you know, send the troops into
Thran. I I don't know what they'd be
doing right now if this war had somehow
succeeded. It was a regime change war,
but it failed. And it failed because we
have to acknowledge this. Like, it's not
that the United States establishment
naturally opposes these these wars.
They're just looking at the failure and
the economic consequences and saying
logic doesn't correspond with ours.
But it it we have to acknowledge why it
failed. It failed because of the wisdom
of figures like Hassan Tehrani Moadam
and Alihaji Zada
who are
former IRGC generals who basically
designed Iran's strategy. For years they
were preparing for this. Both are dead.
Uh, Moadam was killed in 2013 while
testing a new ballistic missile and
Hajisada was killed uh during the 12-day
war. I think on the first day he was
assassinated. What did they do? Um,
Moadam designed Iran's ballistic missile
program. I got a chance to take a look
at it a month before the 12-day war last
year at the um Iran's air aerospace expo
park outside Thrron. and they show the
entire evolution of this ballistic
missile program, which is completely
legal under international law. They're
allowed to do it. It is essential to
Iran's deterrence, but they weren't
going to be able to get the parts for a
sophisticated aircraft the way Israel
does. So, this is their substitute for
uh an air force, and it has worked. It
gave them the ability to basically
remove US bases from the region. I think
many of the US bases in the Gulf States
will not come back. The ballistic
missiles also pried the Gulf leadership
away from this oil protection racket
where they would basically pay to have
US bases there to protect their
infrastructure. Now they realize there
is no protection and they have to have
normal relations with their neighbor
Iran.
uh Hajisada designed the operation true
promise responses to Israeli terrorism
and aggression which ultimately became a
response to USIsraeli
aggression and these you could see the
progression from true promise one to
three and four how how much more
sophisticated the targeting became
um how much um better the coordination
between drones and ballistic missiles
became the pacing of the ballistic
missiles, how much more uh clever it
was. And then the designing of the
missile cities. These were very
controversial in Iran. And you had like
Iran International and a lot of these um
Israeli or Saudi or CIA backed outlets
that are designed to kind of promote
regime change in Iran. They would always
point to the missile cities as this
waste of money. um that the IRGC was
wasting money that could have been used
on the Iranian public or like them
giving money to their allies in
Hezbollah. The missile cities proved to
be um durable and resilient. I mean
there was that one um smaller missile
city in Yaz that just kept getting
hammered day after day uh by um US and
Israeli bombs and it kept launching. The
launches kept coming. So the missile
cities protected the uh firing capacity
and then the investment in the just a
cheap shahed drone program which was so
effective that the US reverse engineered
the shahed drone into the Lucas drone.
Uh and then finally um the willingness
the ability um and also the the the
small fast boats. We kept hearing oh
operational success operational success
the US has uh destroyed Iran's navy and
Trump was being told this lie again and
again. Uh the navy's been destroyed.
Well, then why were they able to keep
the strait of Hormuz closed? Because the
navy wasn't destroyed. There were naval
bases around the straight of Hormuz that
were fortified kind of like the missile
cities which would allow for launching
of drones and these small fastboats. So,
more wisdom from the um IRGC which
allowed the straight of Hormuz to be
closed. And we're still at a point where
Iran has more cards to lay on the table.
Baba Mandeb to the Red Sea could still
be closed uh by Iran and its allies in
Yemen. So this is reality, okay? This is
the military reality. The US and Israel
lost. This isn't the Gulf War anymore
where smart bombs and you know the F-15s
are going to be able to just uh demolish
some worn out uh postc colonial Arab
ba'ist army that's armed by the Soviet
Union. This is a more sophisticated
beast you're talking about that has
mastered asymmetrical warfare. And
there's nothing that can be done about
that reality. If US force cannot triumph
over that reality, then Zionist logic
cannot be imposed and it will be
discredited. So we have to acknowledge
the military reality along with the
political one.
So how does the regional reality look
like now? Um,
I made a post a few day a few weeks ago
now that for for regional peace to
exist, Iran has to recognize Israel's
right to exist and Israel has to stop
their foreign policy approach to the to
regime change in Iran. Both have to
change their approach to one another.
But my question is broader than that.
What about I don't think I don't like um
I think had a discussion before but I
think but I've agreed I was born there
but I've agreed I I I understand reality
not now my position is will be there to
stay I think as long as Mushta Kame
wants to remain it will remain I don't
think a military solution is the right
solution it has to be diplomatic but
what happens to Hezbollah what happens
in Syria what happens to the Gulf
there's talks about an alliance between
Turkey Qatar Saudi Egypt Eypt, Pakistan,
and maybe even Iran. What does the UAE
do? The UAE's already improved relations
again with Iran. There's been multiple
visits. So, how does the region look
like post this war? Well, we you said
that Iran has to recognize Israel's
right to exist. And I think that's a
that's a key point. I mean, a right to
exist is what? Because the Palestine
Liberation Organization under Yaser
Arafat in 1988 recognized Israel's right
to exist. Did you know that?
that that what does that mean?
Right to exist as what?
>> I'll I'll I'll just clarify it very
quickly. I I know that's kind of a vague
term that people throw around. Tucker
did a great job, you know, questioning
what that term even means. I think it's
um I'll rephrase it to uh Iran has to
change their approach to Israel. Stop
talking about wiping out the Israeli
state. They can disagree with Israeli
foreign policy. They can clash when it
comes to Palestinian issues. But I think
there has to be improved relations for
the sake of Lebanon, for the sake of
Syria, for the sake of Yemen. But then
it comes down to the Palestine issue,
which I have no idea how we can solve
that. So that could be the core issue.
And without solving that, everything
else won't be solved either. So that's
kind of I'm countering my own point.
Okay. Well, this goes to this this this
speaks to the point that I've been
making throughout this entire
conversation. Um when you know, what is
it what does Israel's right to exist
mean? And what what does Iran have to
accept? I think Iran would accept an an
Israel that would not be aggressive. I
think Iran would accept uh an Israel
that uh went along with the Arab peace
initiative of 2002 put forward by uh I
think King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia and
it was introduced through Thomas
Freriedman's column at the New York
Times. Not a particularly radical
proposal for a Palestinian state. That's
what Saudi Arabia still demands as a
condition of normalization. They can't
have it. Nobody can have that.
Palestinians certainly can't have that.
Why not Zionist logic? We have to
interrogate Zionism to understand the
one of the central crises of humanity
today, which is that there's this tiny
little nation that exists outside the
realm of international law, normal
international relations, and basic human
decency and morality because it is an
officially ethnosuppreist state, which
must be in order to maintain its
national identity, a so-called Jewish
state. Although it can't exactly define
what Jewish is,
feels like Mike Huckabe, this Christian
evangelical, gets treated like a better
Jew than I would by the Israeli interior
ministry that might not even let me in.
I don't even know if that guy had a
bris. [gasps]
Definitely didn't have a bar mitzvah,
but he had a meeting with Israeli spy
master Jonathan Pard.
>> Yeah. So what what that means that
Israel has to violently demographically
engineer this reality by maintaining
itself as a borderless colonialist
entity that is constantly expanding
settlements to establish Lebanon's realm
and it's moving into Syria into the
Golan. It has now established a
long-term presence in southern Lebanon
and it does have expansionist intentions
there. It is annexing parts of the West
Bank de facto through settler terror and
military presence and is Netanyahu has
boasted that he has taken 60% of the
Gaza Strip which is now just mostly
destroyed and is effectively a death
camp
and that he will take more and move to
70%. that corresponds directly with
Netanyahu's own expression of Zionist
logic in which Israel cannot exist as a
Jewish state unless there are 70% Jews
and 30% non-Jews i.e e. Indigenous
Palestinians on any piece of land. And
if Palestinians maintain more of their
population on that land, then it cannot
be part of the Jewish state. That's a
mandate for ethnic cleansing. And it
corresponds directly with what Israel is
doing with the yellow line in the Gaza
Strip. So this is why no one can
recognize Israel in the region and why
Israel is in this permanent state of war
because of its the anacronistic
um character of how it defines itself as
a state. It cannot be a state of all its
citizens or all its people. And so
that's also why you have Hezbollah. You
think what wait what Hezbollah? like
they're like this um group of Shia
ideologues who exist to just destroy
Israel and fight Israel and they just no
why was Israel in Lebanon in the 1980s?
Why did it invade Lebanon? It was
supposedly to push back not Hezbollah,
not the Shia population, but the
Palestine Liberation Organization, the
PLO, who were composed of refugees in
Lebanon, who had been pushed out of what
was Palestine
from 1948 on. There was a massive wave
of refugees in 1967 as well, in order to
establish the so-called Jewish state.
There wouldn't have been refugees in
Lebanon. Lebanon wouldn't be in this
crisis had Israel not been established
along the guidelines of Zionism and
ethnosuppremacism. So, Israel goes in,
brings its military into Lebanon,
and they initially were told that the
Shia population would support them and
throw candy at them. But they couldn't
resist abusing the Shia population in
the south and abusing the Lebanese
population in general as they quickly
marched to Beirut
caused massive war crimes formed
alliances with the most odious elements.
The Lebanese felange which carried out
the Saburn Chhatilla massacre with
Israeli guidance and so on. So Hezbollah
was created to defend Lebanon's
population and particularly the Shia
population of the south against this
force that actually aimed to um
essentially occupy Lebanon either by
proxy through the south Lebanon le South
Lebanese army or through the Lebanese
philange which are you know the Lebanese
forces today remain an ally of Israel
and to uh push that population out.
So Hezbollah exists to defend Lebanon
against this aggressive force.
Hezbollah would not have existed if
Israel had not established itself as an
exclusively Jewish state. So that's my
point is Hezbollah is the a reflection
of the toxic effect of Zionist logic on
the region and you say, "Oh well, you
know, what can we do about them? You
don't like them."
There's a reality there that a political
reality, Mario, that you have to um re
that you have to recognize, which is
that
Hezbollah has the largest parliamentary
faction in Lebanon. And that this war
that Israel is waging is also an excuse
for Joseph Aun and Samir Jaja and all of
these corrupt forces that have no clear
mandate to rule to actually remove the
largest parliamentary faction, their
enemy by proxy through Israeli force
because they can't do it by politics
alone. They can't do it with the consent
of the Lebanese public. And in order to
do that, what else do they have to do?
Something that is absolutely criminal,
that is not being sufficiently
condemned, which is the ethnic cleansing
of the Shia population of Lebanese
citizens in the south. They're being
ethnically cleansed. It's a war on the
Shia community because Hezbollah can't
be defeated on the battlefield or at the
ballot box.
Um, the Hezbollah issue is really
tricky. So I had a great conversation
with Yakov uh earlier today. First time
we speak from the Jerusalem Post and the
the the Yakov cuts cuts. Yeah. And no,
he was actually really good at
explaining things because I I struggled
to understand how Israel could have
people like Smrich Smotrich Katz and
Benir in their government making such
statements. And you know, you don't see
that in any other country in the
civilized world and just trying to
understand really how Israelis see
what's happening in Lebanon, what's
happening in we didn't talk about
Palestine because that that's a whole
other episode by itself, but mainly
focused on Lebanon and Iran. and um you
know he started to explain to me the
situation
does act and the reason I'm not a fan of
hisbalah I understand reality also
Lebanese government has voted to disarm
Hisbala I understand the reality I just
there's also a fact that there is no
state that could really flourish when it
has a state within a state now the
counterargument to that is there should
be a deterrent for Israeli aggression
and the Lebanese military is too weak
which is a very valid point as well the
Lebanese military needs to to to be
empowered
and needs to be armed. And then there's
the chicken and egg problem. If we
disarmah,
do you really trust Israeli intent?
Especially when you see them level
villages in southern Lebanon. And the
Israelis are like, if we pull out of
southern Lebanon and there's a new
resolution for Hezbollah to pull out of
southern Lebanon as well, to to have a
buffer zone where the Lebanese could go
back home despite what stupid Katz is
saying. The Lebanese people can go back
home, but Hisbala does not return to
Israel's border. Israel does see
Hezbollah as a threat and rightly so.
And then so what what people in Israel
say Mari how do we know this resolution
won't be applied because last time we
trusted it to be applied did return to
the south. So my question to you is what
is the a logical solution to that
problem there? Because again I don't
think disarming is a solution in the in
the short term. Iran would not allow
that to happen. So then what is the what
is another option? How do you how do you
achieve what the Israelis want for their
own security, but what the Lebanese want
by getting their land back and what Iran
want, which is keeping Hezbollah.
Well, that's a Zionist solution. I mean,
it's not a legitimate solution. The
legitimate solution is that Israel
should be disarmed. The IDF should be
disarmed. They're the aggressor in the
region. The United States should suspend
weapons to Israel and then begin a
process of peace and reconciliation
where the ethnosuppreist
apartheid system is peacefully
dismantled. That's the solution. Why?
We're just not allowed to talk about it.
You get called an anti-semite if you
talk about it. The solution isn't to
ethnically cleanse the uh Lebanese
population to disarm those who are
defending themselves against a country
that has invaded them again and again
and again. And this whole proposal, by
the way, was cooked up by the US, by the
Pentagon, and the CIA and Saudi Arabia,
uh, to push Lebanon into civil war. Once
again, there's just no force internally
that can do it. The Lebanese army's
basically a neoc colonial joke that was
set up by the United States to not
defend Lebanon's borders against the
main force that's constantly invading
it, the United States. And it looks as
if Joseph has um green green lit some
Israeli assassinations of Lebanese army
commanders because they didn't they
weren't interested in going to war with
fellow Lebanese citizens who happen to
be Shia living in the south. So I'm not
going to go along with some uh you know
Zionist solution about uh how we can
guarantee the security of an
ethnosuppreist state that is illegally
occupying 70% of the Gaza Strip most of
the uh the occupied West Bank. Golan
Heights uh and then is is responsible
for genocide in which over 20,000
children have been killed since October
7th which is continuing to push an
eightfront war in which the eighth front
is the United States and according to
the Defense Intelligence Agency of the
Pentagon, Israeli spying on American
officials and Americans is now at a
critical level. I'm supposed to
>> be concerned for their security. No, I'm
concerned for the security of the 1
million people who have been ethnically
cleansed in southern Lebanon who can't
come go back to their homes whose homes
are being destroyed. Hezbollah is not
going into Israel and blowing up entire
villages with D9 operators getting paid
per house that they destroy. That's what
Israel is doing. It's doing it in broad
daylight. It's it it's proud of the fact
that last night it massacred 50
civilians. It's proud of the triple and
quadruple tap strikes it wages on front
firstline uh respond front um first
responders in southern Lebanon because
it puts them on the IDF's uh ex account.
It's proud of that. Hezbollah is not
doing that. They're showing footage of
themselves them hitting Israeli
soldiers. How many Israeli civilians
have been killed versus Israeli
soldiers? How many Lebanese civilians
have been killed? close to 4,000 since
Israel began this assault after
violating the ceasefire over a thousand
times between November 2024 and uh March
of this year. Hezbollah wasn't violating
the ceasefire. Israel was. Israel is
violating the ceasefire in Gaza every
day. Every day. They don't care about a
ceasefire. Their presence in Lebanon is
now a violation of theou. So let's talk
first about the security of Lebanese
people. there won't there won't need to
be a Hezbollah or an you know an IRGC
ballistic missile program or Iran having
nuclear breakout capacity if you don't
have this nuclearized ethnosuppreist
state existing along a parttheid lines.
Let's let's start that discussion and
let's also just consider what happened
to um I mean let's put yourself in
Joseph's shoes as if this guy has some
real popular mandate as if the Lebanese
public wants to normalize with Israel
like poll the Lebanese public on
normalization with Israel including the
Sunni public. They're not down with
that. What would happen to Joseph Aen if
he resisted this whole program of uh you
know assaulting and ethnically cleansing
the Shia community uh and disarming
Hezbollah with some imaginary force. Uh
consider what happened to Sad Harreri in
when Muhammad bin Salman got worried
that Hariri didn't want to confront
Iran.
He wasn't interested in uh this this
confrontation that Aun is playing out
right now. They brought him to Saudi
Arabia and they basically tortured him
like Suge Knight hung Vanilla Ice over a
balcony by his ankles. It was like that.
And they humiliated him on national TV
and then sent him back and they were
like, "You're our bitch." So the idea
that Hezbollah is this this Iranian
force that doesn't represent anything in
his estate within a state and then the
government in Beirut, the authorities,
that they're not controlled by some
outside force is a complete fantasy.
Joseph Owen's mandate is not to the
Lebanese public, it's to Saudi Arabia
and the CIA. And same with NoF Salam.
That guy doesn't even have a party, the
prime minister. Who is he? He has he has
like what constituent base does he have?
He was at the ICJ uh basically doing
nothing about Israel's genocide charges.
And then suddenly he's just shifted into
this position as Lebanese PM. He's a
he's he's a technocrat.
So let's let's let's stop operating
along, you know, I I let's not have to
we don't have to view the world through
the lens of uh Israeli defense
establishment stenographer Yakov Katz.
Let's look at it through the perspective
[snorts]
of the people on the front lines of this
war of ethnic cleansing and give them
security first.
>> So I don't disagree with you. So that's
my stance after I saw the villages being
leveled in southern Lebanon. I'm like
asking Hezbollah to Desam when Israel is
committing what it's committing in
southern Lebanon is no longer a logical
solution because there's no more
deterrent against what seems to be a lot
more sinister ambitions on the Israeli
side. Leveling villages is not getting
rid of his. So that's the argument I was
making earlier today.
Um, just to to understand your position,
if
if Israel pulls out of South Lebanon and
Hezbollah pulls out of South Lebanon and
there's a ceasefire and South Lebanon
will have no Hezbollah presence
whatsoever, do you think that's a
pragmatic step forward for peace in the
region or between those two countries?
That
>> that's the thing. Israel will not pull
out unless there is a massive Hezbollah
presence because the
apartheid state of Israel only
understands force. We have to look at
the West Bank as an example.
uh 2005
to through 2007,
Israel was engaged in this process of
sort of mopping up the second in Antifa
which guaranteed um Palestinians control
over the Gaza Strip without settler
presence. Uh and they gained that
through force and that that was that was
how they got the Israeli settlers out of
the Gaza Strip. Hamas did it. Fata they
did have the Alaka martyrs brigade
participating on some level in uh the
second inifat and it's much harder for
them to uh it was much harder to wage a
kind of guerilla campaign in the west
bank because of the deeply embedded
presence of Israeli military bases and
settlements the terrain etc. Um but by
there was this sort of Dayton plan.
General Keith Dayton counterinsurgency
plan. The final iterations of
Palestinian resistance were destroyed in
the Balata refugee camp in Nablas by the
Palestinian Authority. The Palestinian
Authority security forces trained by
Keith Dayton and Dine Corps, this
mercenary firm. And you know, Tony Blair
was hanging out at the at the um
American Colony Hotel
milking the so-called peace process. And
Makmuda Boss comes in and promises some
kind of like economic peace with Israel.
And he gets what what I would call like
the golden occupation or the the
five-star occupation. and he gets Ramala
and Area A these cities in the West Bank
where it it feels like you're in the
Arab world and you don't necess you
don't usually have Israeli soldiers all
the time. Uh but once you get out of
there you're surrounded by for example
this massive Colandia checkpoint. There
are settlers. Settlements continue to
expand. Israel deepens its control over
the West Bank, steals all the water in
the Jordan Valley. And [snorts] if
Palestinians resist or throw rocks, they
are arrested. They are tortured. There's
um they are shot if they do anything
more. And the Palestinian Authority has
to arrest Palestinians during the day.
And then the IDF comes at night and does
you know breaks down doors and arrests
children in their beds in villages like
Nabi Salah uh or Bellin or Nalin which
tried to attempt an unarmed resistance
against the apartheid wall which cut the
west cut deep into the West Bank. This
giant wall it wasn't built along the 67
borders. That's what h so so why am I
giving you this whole history that and
telling you you know what I've
personally witnessed in the West Bank.
That's what will happen to southern
Lebanon if there is no Hezbollah. That's
what will happen if Joseph's plan goes
forward or if which is basically the uh
Israeli and US plan for Lebanon. That's
what that's what will happen with
normalization and that Shia population
of Lebanon which has elected the largest
parliamentary block in Lebanon will
start to become homeless and they will
become permanently ethnically cleansed.
And so it's up to this this this this
so-called international community which
allowed the Holocaust of our time to
just occur in Gaza. It's up to them to
try to uh prevent that and they won't do
it. That's why Hezbollah exists. Someone
has to step into the breach and control
this monster
uh in Tel Aviv. They're so back. So
that's that's my point.
>> Nob. the South Lebanon becomes a de
facto the West Bank. No. Uh what? No.
No. Assad in Syria who with his allies
in the IRGC and so on. Look at what
happened to the Golan in Syria under uh
Golani aka al- Shar. Israel's just
there. They're skiing on Mount Hermon,
the highest point in Syria.
>> Yeah. Now, I'm very critical of Israeli
foreign policy in in in Syria. And that
was a question I asked Katz earlier
today, the journalist, and he he agreed.
He said, "Mario, our policy should be to
give Syria a chance to pull out of Syria
and try to improve relations with
Alshara." So that was his position. So I
think we'd all agree that's the right
position with Syria and with Lebanon. I
agree with you that it's like I I'm just
saying the solution there has to be a
sol a pragmatic solution. When you say
something like disarming the state of
Israel,
do you know actually I'll ask you the
question. One of my guests asked me the
question, so I'll ask you the same
question. What do you think? Uh, hold
on. Um, FDD CEO asked you that question.
Duboitz, what do you think would happen
to Israel if it is disarmed right now?
>> Well, it depends on how it's done. I
mean, first of all, why why don't we
have
a global summit on Israel's nuclear
program
and a national campaign against a
nuclear Israel?
Why was there a campaign against a
massive campaign against a nuclear Iran?
>> I agree. run obviously run by Israel's
cutouts in the US like this this guy
Jason Broaddsky who's just like an
Israeli operative posing as like this
American guy. Why Iran didn't even have
a active nuclear program but we can't
talk about Israel's nuclear weapons when
it's just when clearly it's the one that
can't be trusted with nuclear weapons.
Was was anyone fearing over the last
several months that Iran was going to
deploy for example a tactical tactical
nuclear weapon or had done so? No. The
>> everyone everyone Yeah. Everyone I asked
in my show exactly everyone on my show
the the I would ask them that question
throughout the war. The most common
answer the the people that were worried
they were worried about Israel um
deploying a nuke on Iran. But that's
also because Iran did not have a nuke.
So let's just be fair here.
>> So it's not my job in my position and
never has been. I defined my job for
myself um which was to put forward ideas
that I thought were um logical and sane
and moral and ethical um that that might
not uh align with the current consensus
which accepts genocide, which accepts
occupation, which accepts permanent war
and profits from it and accepts insider
trading on war. I'm I'm putting forward
a different idea that might, you know,
infuriate Zionists right now and seem
insane,
but it's the same idea that led to the
dismantlement of South African
apartheid, which I mean, I had some
serious problems about how that was
done, including by the African National
Congress, but it led to that. that these
are the same ideas that influenced the
dismantlement of the English occupation,
the British occupation of Northern
Ireland
um and a a kind of cold peace in
Northern Ireland. And we have to put
forward these ideas because this is the
only way out of this crisis which is one
of the central crises afflicting
humanity and not operate along the cold
dead zombified
uh logic I say poisonous toxic cancerous
logic of Zionism which is put forward by
pretty much everyone aligned with Israel
and you know I've been putting forward
this con these concepts ever since I
started speaking out about this issue in
like 2009. It got me run out of a lot of
jobs in journalism and you know led to
me to kind of go independent with the
grrey zone and obviously these ideas are
falling on fertile soil because we're
pretty popular at the grreyzone and a
lot of those places that ran me out like
the nation magazine for example I mean
who even reads that anymore?
>> Yeah. who I never heard of it but just I
want to ask you but isn't there other
solutions other away from that extreme
the status quo is unacceptable things in
the region the way Israel conducts its
foreign policy I'm I'm staunchly against
the other extreme of disarming Israel I
find it also to be just not practical
wouldn't there be a middle ground where
for example the US as we're seeing right
now hopefully action follows the US and
the international community genuinely
start to pressure Israel cuz when you
when you remove that kind of bubble of
impunity that we've offered Israel Then
Israel has to find a different solution
to Iran, to hisah, to Syria, rather than
trying to deal with everything through
military force. Well, Israel is not
going to disarm. Uh look at Idomar Beng,
the security minister who said, "We have
to kill thousands of Lebanese mothers
for every Israeli soldier killed."
That's the lynch pin of Netanyahu's
coalition. And he's going to be in New
York. He's going to be in New York on
July 7th for a United Nations conference
uh called I think like investing in
peace or enforcing peace and it's a
conference of police chiefs.
>> Ben
>> Ben will and you know he needs to be
held accountable for the he's personally
responsible for the torture and murder
and rape of thousands of Palestinian
prisoners. He recently put himself on
video torturing and abusing humanitarian
flotillaa activists who are the heroes
of our time.
Uh he's proud of torture. He's a torture
fetishist and he is the Nazi of the 21st
century and he's coming to New York.
>> Um he but he he represents he's sort of
I he's like the soul of the Israeli
government right now. He's like their
true spokesman and his party OTM Yahoud,
they're gaining a lot of popularity
among Jewish Israeli youth. So yeah,
they're not going to give up their
weapons. They're not going to end the
genocide in Gaza if we keep giving them
tons of aid. I think there's a nice way
to go about it where the United States,
we start electing leadership that will
just end all aid to Israel until they
start to act like human beings instead
of barbarian child killers and torture
fetishists and uh you know
rapists by canine proxy. But, you know,
there's there's a nice way to do that
and and and we should support those
kinds of leaders and we should not vote
for those who propose giving one penny
even though I guess the Fed the Treasury
isn't printing pennies anymore. So, one
nickel to Israel. Um, and you know, when
we we talk about responsibility to
protect this doctrine that the United
States used, for example, to destroy
Yugoslavia,
um, it was a it was enacted to bomb
Syria, including on the basis of obvious
deceptions like the one in Duma. We
always hear about it. It's it's just
basically a ruse to attack countries
that are official enemies. We have a
responsibility to protect the
Palestinians
with military force if Israel continues
with this genocidal policy in which
they've now established cranes and
towers to fire into the tents of people
whose homes were bombed in the Gaza
Strip. Uh a journalist from Gaza just
sent me um some photos and video of a
tournament he just filmed. uh his name
is Muhammad Elsa, great journalist on
the ground of uh girl amputees,
12-year-old girls who are amputees who
are um having a sports tournament of
amputees. That's the reality that these
people live in. They are the Holocaust
victims of our time and we have a
responsibility to protect them and we
need, you know, we need to support
candidates in the United States who uh
also would be willing to use the US
military to protect that population.
Uh that's something that might seem
absurd, but there was actually a
proposal similar to that put forward by
the Colombian president Gustavo Petro at
the UN last year to intervene on behalf
of the genocide victims in Gaza. There
was just no force willing to do it. But
that doesn't mean we can't we can't
change the politics here and actually
elect candidates that are willing to do
that if Israel refuses to disarm its
Holocaust regime.
It might not be now, but people might
look at this interview in 50 years and
say, "Well, yeah, he called it."
Um, the last thing I want to ask you,
and I wanted to ask you this early on,
glad I didn't forget. There's something
that um so Tucker me in the last week
alone Tucker mentioned it to me
Marjgerie Taylor Green and Joe Kent
all talked about or mentioned they were
concerned about um the president
possibly being under duress and they all
linked it to you know asked them the
question especially Marjgerie
when she started seeing that shift and
they all pointed to Butler the
assassination attempt. I've never asked
you that question. I've never heard you
talk about it. Do you think there could
be any truth to it that the there could
be the president could feel threatened
whether himself, his family, whether to
to his life, um or something less
sinister, maybe legal threats, um
economic threats or just political
threats? Is that a possibility on what's
guiding his decisions? Because the Iran
war is just such a stupid war. You were
talking earlier how the straight home,
the Iranians succeeded in with the
straight home with their missile
underground missile facilities, but
everyone knew that. Everyone knew about
their their missile facilities deep
underground with US intelligence. I'm
sure they knew how deep it was. Everyone
knew Iran would cross the trade of
homes. They could easily strike Gulf
infrastructure. So, it's not you you
didn't need to be an intelligence
analyst to come to these conclusions.
So, then the question, it begs the
question, why the hell did Trump do
this? That's why I've been giving that
that theory a lot more thought recently.
>> Well, I I have talked about this a lot
and I've written about it a lot and if
anyone's interested uh the Greyzone
under my by line, we I published a
investigation
called How Israel and the FBI
manipulated assassination plots to go to
Trump into Iran war and this was
published on March 6th. So anyone can
look it up. Um,
>> can you um re can you can you retweet it
if there's a tweet about it and I'll
retweet it as well so people could
easily spot it?
>> Yeah, I'll just send it to you in the
chat um
>> on WhatsApp. Yeah, send it to me on
WhatsApp if you can. I'll just retweet
it for the audience.
>> All right. Uh I'm just looking you up
real quick. All right, here it is. So um
yeah, I mean this was an investigation I
did into the case of someone named Asaf
Mant
and there were several other cases but
basically into all of these um supposed
terrorism cases which were spun as
Iranian assassination attempts against
Donald Trump directed by the IRGC. And
remember on February 28th, 2026 when
Donald Trump launched operation quote
unquote epic fury, he and and
assassinated
uh Iran's Ayatollah Ali Kame. He said,
"I got him before he got me." That was I
mean Trump was like in really excited
about this. It's because he was told by
the Israelis that
um
he you know the the Israelis did this
and then and then and Hegathth went out
and said we also killed an IRGC
operative who had directed several
attempts against Donald Trump.
And what was that based on? What was
that comment based on? It was based on
several plots that never would have
reached their conclusion, which were
never serious, which were always being
monitored by FBI undercover operatives,
uh, informants,
uh, in many ways guided by the FBI
and and prior to that, which were being
directed by Israeli intelligence, uh,
specifically this plot of this Pakistani
national named Asf Mant.
um who was just sentenced or or was just
convicted of a very nebulous
assassination plot um which Trump was
told were Iranian plots against him. And
it got to the point where during Donald
Trump's campaign for president, he was
flying on a ghost plane to campaign
stops and he'd basically send his his
staff on Trump Force One and he was
riding on Steve Wickoff's private jet
because he was told completely falsely
based on the shadyiest information that
IRGC operatives were in the United
States and were planning to take Donald
Trump out with uh anti-aircraft weapons.
This was this was fake. It it was
basically fake and Trump was being
manipulated. But there were real plots.
I mean, there were real assassination
attempts on Donald Trump. Um more real
than the than attempts on any president
since Ronald Reagan, since John Hinckley
shot Ronald Reagan. And these are weird
attempts like Butler.
It was weird. Everybody just can feel
that it was unusual that this um unknown
man who had we were initially told had
um no, you know, online footprint,
Thomas Matthew Krooks, was able to scale
a roof after testing a drone at the
Butler Fairgrounds and then fire several
shots uh before a heroic local cop shot
him as the Secret Service basically
froze. Um, and no one was I don't I
don't there weren't like immediate
firings at the Secret Service and he
nicked Trump's ear according to the
official account. Uh, there was the Ryan
Ralph, you know, he was able to get
close to Mara Lago with a rifle. Um,
this guy who has this shady background
of training American and foreign
volunteers for the international
battalion in Ukraine and then uh the
assassination of Charlie Kirk clearly
shook Donald Trump. But with the Butler
plot, there was no clear evidence
pointing to Iran
um at all. But that didn't bother Mike
Waltz. Mike Waltz was at the time a
member of Congress, who was very
pro-Trump, was in sort of, you know,
Trump's bullpen in Congress and was
someone whose career had been cultivated
by the Israel lobby. He's one of the
largest recipients in the House of
Representatives of Apac money. uh Apac,
you know, helped recruit him and, you
know, after he after Congress, he went
into the Trump administration. He was
initially NSC director until Signalgate
on Yemen. Now he's the UN ambassador,
but he was on the committee to
investigate Butler, and he kept trying
to guide the committee into this weird
rabbit hole in which Butler was actually
an Iranian plot. It's so strange. Now,
what if Butler had succeeded and Trump
had actually um been assassinated on
that day
and Mike Waltz was pushing this Iran
narrative. And who was who was standing
in next in line in the Republican party?
It was Nikki Haley who was one of the
biggest Iran hawks and neocon fanatics
in the Republican party today. Um, and
she would have potentially filled Donald
Trump's shoes as the nominee and
launched a war on Iran right then,
blaming Iran for killing Donald Trump. I
mean, that was a possibility.
Uh, there's a great book right now by
Ken Silva.
>> He was on I was I was chatting to him a
few days ago. He knows so much about the
damn assassination. He knows the
weather, the temperature at the time.
>> Um, but yeah, he's got an incredible
book.
>> He's he's the expert and he's also not
like a conspiracy theorist. he's a
conspiracy analyst or he believe he only
deals with conspiracy facts. So he's
actually poured cold water on some of
the sillier assassination conspiracy
theories. A very serious reporter and
analyst and you know I consulted him on
my investigation.
Um, but the overall point I'm making is
that when that tr there's there's clear
evidence, there's a clear record of uh
Trump being placed under duress
through um real assassination plots
where they've been spun into an
imaginary
Iranian plot to um or or um a more
dubious Iranian plan to avenge the death
of Kasa. Solmani by killing Donald
Trump. And Trump believed that up until
February 28th. Um, I don't know what he
believes now or if he believes that
Israel will seek to eliminate him, but I
do know from several sources who've
talked to Donald Trump and been around
him that he's not fond of Netanyahu and
that he's very wary of Netanyahu and
that he feels a deep sense of unease
um, and is aware of the ability of these
Israel directed forces to harm him. But
when I say harm him, I mean it's more
like they he fear that they could harm
him politically or Miriam add pull the
plug on Trump's financial feeding tube.
There are many areas of leverage that
that they have uh short of actually
physically harming Trump.
>> Yeah. Her publication Israel Hayam put
out a piece calling him I think they
called Trump a traitor today um in an
article.
>> Yeah. I mean and and assassinations in
their wheelhouse. I mean that's they
have a entire vision of the Mossad
dedicated to assassination and that's
why I think many people believe that
Charlie Kirk was assassinated by Israel
even though I found no evidence of that
and
deny it twice. I was reading another
piece in uh the Jerusalem Post in which
they sort of imagined Joseph Aun, the
president of Lebanon being assassinated
by Hezbollah. But uh you know and then
that would that would sort of then they
said if that happens then the US will
have to go back to war with Iran. So you
know that would make me get
conspiratorial a little bit.
>> Yeah. Ex Exactly. Exactly. I wouldn't
expect Israel to kill Joseph or the
Americans. And by the way I support what
he's trying to do. Um but always
skeptical but I support it. But anyway,
yeah, if if when I see a story like
this, I uh I I I don't disagree with
your skepticism. U Max,
welcome back. [laughter] Don't leave us
for too long again. It's good to chat to
you again. Give us your overview on
things. Love the analysis and I'd love
to do this again soon. I appreciate your
time.
>> Thanks a lot, Mario.
>> Thanks, Max. All right, guys. I'll be
going live again in a few seconds with
Brendan Wert. Uh then we have Tita Parcy
right after. We have an incredible
lineup today. Let me see who else we
have. Tita Parcy, Brendan Ward, Glenn
Dies, Alex Jones, Malcolm Nance, Larry
Johnson, and Jack Farley. So, they're
all scheduled for today. And um the last
two interviews you should check out.
Professor Iadi from Iran and Yakov Katz
from the Jerusalem Post. Both great
discussions that I really enjoyed. Uh
so, we've got a lot of interviews left
for the day. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7. It's going
to be a long day, an incredible lineup.
Um, I hope you enjoyed the conversation
with Max Blumenthal as much as I did.
Um, he's been covering this longer than
most that I most people I speak to. Um,
so he's always a good person to listen
to. I'll see you guys in a couple of
minutes with Brendan Ward. Bye.